Introduction:
This document contains the Testing strategy of the database. The goal is to ensure correctness, robustness, intervative and automated testing
of the databse.

Testing is done in two parts:
The test for edit_table_entry, exportdb, importdb and count entries was done through tests.csv file in which a pass or fail is declared
in testing helper functions. For sorted, reports, i have exported the output file and did use diff to see if there is any difference
in expected _output_file that i have created vs the databse has created.

Organization:
Testing_startegy/contains all the expected_output file for each function so it can be differed in makefile testing when i import
the exported files of testing cases fucntions.

Automated Testing:
The testing is automated through makefile.
The makefile compiles the tests.c, runs all test fucntions, prints pass/fail, Diff the expected vs output and also displays both
reports by Neighbourhood and Ward.

Command:
make testing ->> compiles tests.c, output pass/fail on each test, use diff, and prints both reports.
make all ->> compiles dahboard and ask the options interactively and performa each function according to the user.

Test Cases:

DB_CREATION:
It verifies if the database is initialized as NULL.

Import_database:
loads database from a csv file.
it passes if count > 0;

Export_databse:
exports the database from a csv file.
it passes by using diff in makefile.

Count_entries:
Count the number of times the attributes occurs.
prints pass/fail in tests.c if expected is equal to input.

Sort_by_member:
Sorts the database entries by field chosen by the user.
Verified using diff comparison in makefile.

Edit_table_entry;
Changes value of a certain field in an entry.
Verified using diff comparison in makefile.

Reporting function:
This would print the stdout of both report by Ward and report by Neighbourhood
It is verfied using diff in makefile.

Test.csv:
only firts 10 entries were used to test all of this, not a huge database.
also checked erron handling on wrong files and memory allocations.

Conclusion: 
This testing strategy ensures that both manual testing and automated testing in makefile is completed. The use of diff in makefile,
ensures the expected and generate doutput by tests.c files are same to get passed.



